Add enforce-bitbucket-example (#2)
mattmoor/terraform-playground: enforce-bitbucket-example/README.md

# Example: Bitbucket Identity Federation

This example shows how an identity can be created via terraform and assumed in
a Bitbucket pipeline to interact with Chainguard resources via terraform.

- `sample.tf`: A sample group with a policy resource to demonstrate we can view things.
- `bitbucket.tf`: An identity that Bitbucket can assume to interact with the sample group.

> For more information on Bitbucket OIDC see [the docs](https://bitbucket.com/docs/agent/v3/cli-oidc)!

Author: ```suggestion
For more information on Bitbucket OIDC see [the docs](https://support.atlassian.com/bitbucket-cloud/docs/integrate-pipelines-with-resource-servers-using-oidc/)!
```
